[Music]
do
thank you and doing some research now
and just like writing up all the notes
that i wrote in the kindle section
um i'm just using notion for this
basically i highlighted
in blue everything that i wanted to do
contacts research on so i'm gonna
prioritize doing that
it's also like quarter past ten i've got
a meeting
at 11 which i was planning this morning
and that's very exciting i'm actually
speaking with a literary agent which
is insanely cool so i did some research
into some really random things which
just
came up when i was reading one of these
was child actors which i found
really fascinating so child actors were
actually snatched from the streets and
there were entire companies which were
made up just of child actors
who had been stolen and queen elizabeth
actually signed warrants which
legally let people who owned theater
companies
catch children for their companies which
is just crazy
[Music]
all right i have just had a meeting with
a literary agent very exciting i've got
like
10 pages of these notes and she also
recommended
book i order so i'm going to buy it now
i can't get it on kindle so i'm going to
order it
on a books i'm also going to buy so this
is the book feeling sorry for cecilia
what she recommended and i'm also going
to
buy eugenie grandat because that's been
on my reading list for ages and also the
kitchen boy a novel of the last tsar
a romanov novel both which i wanted to
read three books
for 762. i'm very very excited for this
oh
it feels like ages since i've bought new
books even though it hasn't actually
been that long
[Music]
i'll never
gonna be totally congruent with you it's
really important to be honest
i'm not gonna lie coming back to
university
i have actually found really hard this
year
because i am really scared of the
pandemic i'm really scared about
everything that brings and
i'm really scared about getting it and
then passing on to someone who
could get really really sick as a result
and
so i've been feeling
really anxious over the last few days
and um i just got really scared
that someone had broken in which they
hadn't or like
i had no reason to think they had but i
went to the toilet and i was like oh
someone's breaking in so
i sat in the bathroom for like 40
minutes because i was so scared that
someone was in the house and there was
anyone in here it's fine but um
today i am having a bad mental health
day and
i don't usually film when i have a
badminton house today but because i'm
obviously daily vlogging for the next
two weeks i
am filming today and i
just want you to know that it's it's
okay
to like not be okay i know that's i know
it's such an overview saying at this
point but it's so important and it
continues to ring true
and
[Music]
everyone finds different things hard
like some people aren't going to be that
nervous about covered
some people are going to be really
nervous for themselves for their family
for
i just i know i think it's really
important to be really mindful going
forward of
how other people are feeling about it
and like really respect their boundaries
like ask people about it i think that's
important
so i mean i've spoken to you in the past
about how i
sometimes like have periods where i
um like compulsively hand wash it's like
it's a compulsion that you
use to deal with an obsession uh so
like the compulsion is hand washing and
i definitely felt myself like really
lapsing into that i let lots of comments
from people
saying your life looks perfect and um
i wish my life was as perfect as yours
you never have bad days
and obviously i am so privileged
obviously i'm so lucky obviously i don't
struggle half as much quarter as much
33rd as much
as so many other people and
i have it so so easy which makes me feel
guilty about
feeling bad some days um but i want you
to know that
everyone literally everyone has bad days
and
everyone struggles with things and it's
okay
to struggle with these things it's okay
to be vulnerable about them
um i think having conversations about it
being open about it
is so important even though i know that
i'm going to be editing this thinking oh
my gosh am i actually gonna fit this up
i know it's important to share on my
channel because i'm so lucky to have a
platform where i
can like reach so many people
and i think it's important to use that
in a positive way gonna get on with
doing some work
i'm gonna write up the notes from
the call that i had earlier
[Music]
um i studied downstairs in the afternoon
and then blakely and i decided to make
mexican food for dinner and we realized
we didn't have any black beans which was
very important
so we went to the future cats and beans
they had a pretty good selection but
they didn't have any black beans we got
our matching masks
and we are oh there is we have pumpkin
pumpkin
oh yeah
tonight is mexican night yeah
this is the card that blakely has made
oh my gosh isn't that so cute
i spent the evening reading some of the
professor house and making notes
because that's the book i'm reading this
week for empire of liberty
and which is my american literature
module um and now it's like
half 11 i'm gonna go to bed and i meant
to go to bed boy earlier today and i
didn't
so that's not good but i'll see you in
the morning
you